Add link about containers for RHEL 10 (#3622)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_managing-container-images.adoc

With {Project}, you can import container images from various sources and distribute them to external containers by using content views.

ifndef::orcharhino[]
.Additional resources

> * For information about containers for {RHEL} 10, see https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_enterprise_linux/10-beta/html-single/building_running_and_managing_containers/index[_{RHEL}{nbsp}10 Building, running, and managing containers_].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For information about containers for {RHEL} 10, see {RHELDocsBaseURL}10-beta/html-single/building_running_and_managing_containers/index[_{RHEL}{nbsp}10 Building, running, and managing containers_].
```

* For information about containers for {RHEL} 9, see {RHELDocsBaseURL}9/html-single/building_running_and_managing_containers/index[_{RHEL}{nbsp}9 Building, running, and managing containers_].

* For information about containers for {RHEL} 8, see {RHELDocsBaseURL}8/html-single/building_running_and_managing_containers/index[_{RHEL}{nbsp}8 Building, running, and managing containers_].

> * For information about containers for {RHEL} Atomic Host 7, see {RHDocsBaseURL}red_hat_enterprise_linux_atomic_host/7/html/getting_started_with_containers/index[Getting Started with Containers] in _{RHEL} Atomic Host 7_.

Reviewer 2: RHEL AH is EOL since 2020: https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_enterprise_linux_atomic_host/7/html/release_notes/index

Can we remove that if we're already updating the list here?

Reviewer 3: +1

* For information about containers for {RHEL} 9, see {RHELDocsBaseURL}9/html-single/building_running_and_managing_containers/index[_{RHEL}{nbsp}9 Building, running, and managing containers_].

* For information about containers for {RHEL} 8, see {RHELDocsBaseURL}8/html-single/building_running_and_managing_containers/index[_{RHEL}{nbsp}8 Building, running, and managing containers_].

* For information about containers for {RHEL} Atomic Host 7, see {RHDocsBaseURL}red_hat_enterprise_linux_atomic_host/7/html/getting_started_with_containers/index[Getting Started with Containers] in _{RHEL} Atomic Host 7_.

> endif::[]

Reviewer 3: You've accidentally removed this `endif` statement.
